two silver one hunter 2013 here she's
got a little shipment I bought online on
scrap junk silver
I got everything written down here today
is a March 31st which is Easter Silver's
at 28 30 had quite a few things here
mostly all jewelry sterling nine-to-five
jewelry but here we go this is the first
one here is a ladies sterling silver
chain really nice I mean you know still
usable but you know soulless junk here's
a men's bracelet really nice bracelet
alright that's um
I got some more stuff in here here's
another one and this is all jewelry and
you know but they sell it as junk all
this stuff is really good silver I mean
it's it's either usable or meltable in
some K in this case most of it for me is
going to be melt
I usually melt it down and make my own
bars here's a really nice one now this
is all it says Italy 925 I already
tested everything everything passes it's
a 925 silver and here's the cool part
right here this lot right here alright I
bought five hundred and eighty six point
nine grams of 925 silver which comes out
to about seventeen point four five troy
ounces and I paid 450 for for all
actually there's more to come but for
all of this and my per troy ounce amount
comes out to twenty five seventy eight
which is I mean it's pretty good it's
all junk eventually I could probably
make a lot more selling these these
chains on ebay are going for about you
know maybe $100 apiece I mean some
people are still looking now I'm going
to do a follow-up video and I'm going to
show you
is what it looks like after I clean it
now um I used to work for a watch
company a long time ago and I bought my
own equipment that clean and polish
silver gold platinum whatever you call
it for whatever you have it's all so
good stuff but so this right here now
this is this is really cool
I bought this bar right here okay
it's a let's see it's all see if I could
focus it in there there we go
it's 925 silver it's really nice but
look at this thing look I mean that
thing is like a good inch and a half
thick let's see how much it weighs let's
do right here will do will do troy
ounces and then we'll do grams will
start with grams that bar right there is
a hundred and ninety three point seven
grams or six point two three troy ounces
so this was an in this package that I
bought alright then I got another bar
then he made it's not the best-looking
bar but I'll probably make it look way
better when I remote it this one right
here weighs three point White's
one six ounces or ninety eight point
three grams alright that one right there
and then I here's another chain this is
a pretty thick ones alright put that
right there
okay and I got two more little baby
nuggets
okay then again this is all 925 silver
cute little nuggets so for all of this
right here and I did my math before I
purchased it and did my maximum what I
was willing to pay and all of this right
here comes out to a little bit over uh
maybe five hundred and one dollars I
think it was I only paid 450 so I in my
opinion I think I already got a good
deal now this is a lot of jewelry right
here is still nice usable but um
eventually I'll probably melt most of it
down usually homemade bars are going for
you know about I don't know from a
couple months ago I was selling bars in
between 35 to 40 dollars for an ounce
now these right here especially this one
right here it's pretty it's it's it's
tarnished its tarnished to hell up now
later on I'm going to do a video on
before and after and I'm going to show
you how I clean it and what I use I got
a machine that does all this but either
way um this is nice junk silver you know
I think I pretty I got a pretty good
deal and all this stuff let me know what
you think click like leave a comment and
subscribe later guys